Category 3:
1. Could you Leave the arena, look for a rising left arm person, and tell what day is today
2. Leave the arena, look for a pointing right person, and say the day of the week
3. Look for a person outside the arena and answer a question


Category 5:
1. Navigate to the Bed, meet Benjamin, and take him
	Benjamin must be taken from Bed to couch table, but he will get lost before reaching it
2. Take Ava to the Desk (Ava is at the dinner table)
3. Meet Isabella and escort her
	 Isabella must be taken from Bar to Couch table, but she will get lost before reaching it
4. Guide Noah to the Bed (Noah is at the dinner table)
5. Bring me a Drink (banana milk)
6. Meet Isabella and accompany her (Isabella must be taken from Sofa to Bar, but she will get lost before reaching it)



Category 8:

1. Navigate to the dining room, look for the Towel, and put it on the kitchencounter
2. Could you please enter to the bedroom, find the Red bowl, and put it on the Bar.
3. Could you find a Pear in the kitchen, and give it to Mason in the TV.
4. Could you please locate a Apple in the kitchen, and give it to me.
5. Please go to the TV, look for Ethan, and take him to the kitchen.
6. Robot please find Mason in the Bed, locate James in the living room, and follow him.
7. Please take the Paprika from the stove, tell a joke, and look for Abigail in the Desk.
8. Could you please go to the Living room, look for the Noodles, and put it on the stove.
9. Enter to the bedroom, find the Bag, and give it to William at the Bar.
10. Could you deliver Cornflakes on the couch table, and answer a question.
	question: 	Q: Where do you store your memories?
				A: e.g. HARDDRIVE, SSD, RAM, etc.


ToBI:
8: Navigate to the dining room, look for the Towel, and put it on the kitchencounter
8: Could you please enter to the bedroom, find the Red bowl, and put it on the Bar.
8: Please go to the Bar, look for Ethan, and take him to the kitchen.

Homer:
5: Bring me some Food (Food = Peas)
3: Leave the arena, find a person out there, and lead that person to the Kitchen
8: Robot please go to the kitchen, look for the Noodles, and place it on the kitchencounter.

TechUnited:
5: Bring me a Cleaning stuff (Cleaning stuff = Sponge)
5: Meet Charlotte and follow her (Charlotte is at the Bar)
5: Follow Benjamin (Benjamin is at the dinner table)

RT-Lions:
8: Locate Sophia at the dinner table, and guide her to the exit.
8: Robot please find Mason in the Bed, locate James in the living room, and follow him.
8: Could you please go to the bedroom, locate the Banana milk, and give it to Abigail in the Bar.
